               Mulberry Software License Agreement

PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY USING, COPYING, OR
DISTRIBUTING THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF
THE FOLLOWING LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "LICENSE").

1   License.  The copyright holders or entities authorized by the
copyright holders (the "Licensor") hereby grants you (each licensee is
addressed as "you") a non-exclusive, transferable license to use the
software product and accompanying documentation (the "Software") on the
following terms and subject to the restrictions below. The Software may
be used on any computer in your possession. You may make copies of the
Software. You may distribute the Software only in the form originally
furnished by the Licensor with no modifications or additions whatsoever.

2   Restrictions on License. Except as expressly permitted in this
License, you must not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or
create derivative works based upon the Software in whole or part or
knowingly permit others to do so. You must not sell, license or rent the
Software to third parties for a fee (by payment of money or otherwise,
whether direct or indirect). However, media costs associated with the
distribution of the Software may be recovered. Any distribution of the
Software to others (the "Recipients") must conspicuously and
appropriately include this License. The Recipients automatically receive
the right to use, copy, or distribute the Software subject to the terms
and conditions of the License. You may not impose any further
restrictions on the Recipients' rights granted herein.

3   Export Laws. This Software may contain strong cryptography
components that may be subject to export rules or regulations of your or
the Licensor's country. If the export of the Software is controlled
under such rules or regulations, then the Software shall not be exported
or re-exported, directly or indirectly, (a) without all export or
re-export licenses and governmental approvals required by applicable
laws, or (b) in violation of any applicable prohibition against the
export or re-export of any part of the Software.

4   Termination. Your rights under this License will terminate
automatically without notice if you fail to comply with any term(s) of
this License. You have the right to terminate this License by destroying
all copies of the Software.

5   No Obligation. You are solely responsible for all of your costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the distribution of the Software,
and the Licensor shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility
therefor. The Licensor shall have no obligation to provide maintenance,
support, upgrades or new releases to you or to any distributee of the
Software.

6   No Warranty. The Software is licensed free of charge, and there is
no warranty for the Software. The Licensor provides the Software "as
is," and the Licensor, its distributors and suppliers, and all other
persons who have been involved in the creation, production, or delivery
of the Software, disclaim all conditions and warranties of any kind,
either express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, including, but not
limited to, any conditions or implied warranties of merchantability,
satisfactory quality, and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire
risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is with you and
your distributees. Should the Software prove defective, you and your
distributees (and not the Licensor) assume the cost of all necessary
servicing, repair or correction. The Licensor makes no warranty of
non-infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties.

7   Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances and under no legal
theory, tort, contract, or otherwise, shall the Licensor, its
distributors and suppliers, or any other person who has been involved in
the creation, production, or delivery of the Software be liable to you
or any other person for any general, direct, indirect, special,
incidental, consequential, or other damages of any character arising out
of this agreement or the use of or inability to use the Software,
including but not limited to personal injury, loss of profits, loss of
data, failure of the Software to operate with any other programs,
damages for loss of goodwill, business interruption, computer failure or
malfunction, or any and all other damages or losses of whatever nature,
even if the Licensor has been informed of the possibility of such
damages.

8   Indemnification. You and your distributees shall defend, indemnify
and hold harmless the Licensor, its distributors and suppliers, and all
other persons who have been involved in the creation, production, or
delivery of the Software, from any claim, demand, liability, damage
award, suit, judgment, or other legal action (including reasonable
attorney's fees) arising out of your use, distribution, or duplication
of the Software.

9   Complete Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the use of the Software and
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such
subject matter. No amendment to or modification of this License will be
binding unless in writing and signed by the Licensor.
